1862671	bullet in the head	1990-08-17	126.0	;waise lee;leung siu hung;simon yam;tony leung chiu wai;jacky cheung hok-yau	{"/m/02h40lc": "english language", "/m/064_8sq": "french language", "/m/012w70": "cantonese", "/m/0653m": "standard mandarin", "/m/07zrf": "vietnamese language", "/m/0459q4": "standard cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/01jfsb": "thriller", "/m/0gw5w78": "gangster film", "/m/03q4nz": "world cinema", "/m/03btsm8": "action/adventure", "/m/082gq": "war film", "/m/02kdv5l": "action", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	{{Plot}} In 1967, Hong Kong, Ben, Paul, and Frank are childhood friends. They engage in all kinds of activities from racing bikes through the crowded city, to fighting other gangs. One day, Ben, the pseudo-leader of the group, proposes to his long-time girlfriend Jane. They have a wedding with all of their friends in attendance. In order to pay for the wedding, Frank gets a loan from Mr. Kwai, a loan-shark associated with the mob. Frank races back to the wedding, but is accosted by Ringo, the leader of another gang. Frank begs Ringo to let him pass, but Ringo demands the money and hits him with a bottle, cutting his head. Frank manages to escape the gang members with the money, and reaches the wedding in time. He laughs off questions about his lateness and claims the injury comes from tripping in the gutter. That night, Ben sees Frank's mother kick him out of the house. He goes and meets with Frank in the alley and confronts him about his injury. Frank tells the truth and the two of them seek out Ringo at a bar. They cause a distraction and Ringo's men leave. The two of them attack Ringo and accidentally kill him. The next day, police search for Ben and Frank. The two of them meet with Paul and decide to leave Hong Kong. Remembering what a guest told him at Ben's wedding, Paul suggests they head to Vietnam as the war has made smugglers rich. Ben, Paul, and Frank get a load of contraband goods from Mr. Shing, a smuggler and agree to take them to Y.S. Leong, a Vietnamese gangster. The three friends leave and reach Saigon by boat. On their first day in the city, a Vietcong suicide bomber destroys all of their goods in an attempt on an ARVN officer. The three of them as well as a number of Vietnamese are arrested as Vietcong suspects. Despite trying to explain that they are Chinese, the three of them are interrogated and beaten. Finally, the ARVN soldiers find a young boy who is the real Vietcong bomber and execute him on the spot. Witnessing this has a profound effect on Paul and Frank. Frank vomits into the river at the memory of the violence and declares he never wants to see anyone else killed. Paul on the other hand declares that guns equal power. Despite Frank's protests, they get their hands on some guns. Paul tests his theory by robbing a store almost immediately, to Ben's disbelief. They finally find their way to Leong's nightclub/brothel and are surprised to see Sally Yen, a well known Hong Kong singer. It turns out that Leong tricked her into coming to the Vietnam and turned her into a prostitute. They also meet Luke, a killer for Leong who dreams of escaping to Hong Kong with Sally. The four of them form a plan to free Sally and rob Leong. They deliver fake goods to Leong, who accepts them at first, but then holds Ben, Paul and Frank at gunpoint, demanding that they drink urine. Luke sets them free and a shootout ensues in the nightclub. Eventually, the four of them plus Sally hole up in Leong's office with an army of thugs and corrupt ARVN soldiers outside. Paul finds a box full of gold that the ARVN were using to bribe Leong and becomes obsessed with it. They escape Leong's office, but Leong shoots Sally in the back, wounding her. Luke and Paul reach the getaway car while Ben and Frank hold off the thugs. Paul begs Luke to drive, but he waits for the other two. They escape into the night despite a Vietcong attack on the road. The next morning, the five of them wait by the river for a boat that is supposed to pick them up. Ben and Frank comfort the dying Sally while Luke looks for the boat and Paul guards the gold. The boat finally arrives just in time for an attack by gangsters and ARVN troops. The boat's driver attempts to flee but is killed. Paul starts the boat and picks up Frank. Ben and Luke carry Sally all the way to the boat, but she dies just as they reach it. Heartbroken, Luke lets her body drift down the river. They four of them escape from the attack but the boat stops working. Paul panics as he is frightened that he will lose the gold. Frank angrily opens the box and tosses some of the gold over board. Paul points a gun at him and threatens him. Ben and Frank angrily argue with Paul and announce the end of their friendship. Paul breaks down, crying that all he wants in life is the gold. Just then, the boat is ambushed by the gangsters and it is sunk. Luke, Ben, and Frank escape, but Paul goes back for the gold. The box is too heavy and almost drowns him, but Ben and Frank save him and the gold. The Vietcong ambushes the gangsters and takes Ben, Paul, and Frank as well as several ARVNs prisoner. They are brought to a prison camp where the prisoners are beaten, tortured and often executed for the Vietcong's amusement. While searching the belongings of the prisoners, the vietcong find the gold and buried in it a list of CIA agents and maps that Leong was going to sell to the North Vietnamese that he had gotten from corrupt ARVN officers. A vietcong officer interrogates Ben, Paul, and Frank about the CIA, which they of course have no knowledge of. Later, teh Vietcong force an American prisoner to shoot other prisoners to their immense enjoyment. The Vietcong officer uses this to intimidate the three Chinese men, and Paul claims he works for the CIA. He is taken inside and Frank is chosen to kill more prisoners. Frank panics and cries, screaming that he doesn't want to kill anyone. Ben shouts encouragement to him, and convinces the Vietcong to let him shoot prisoners as well. He happily kills some of the ARVN troops that had been chasing them. The Vietcong then tell him to kill Frank, which he agrees to, while giving instructions to Frank in Chinese. Ben shoots the Vietcong and he and Frank begin and escape, aided by Luke's arrival with an American strike force. Meanwhile, Paul escapes from the Vietcong as well and takes the gold into a field. Frank sees him and follows him, but is wounded in the process. He crawls after Paul, crying out for help. Paul urges him to be quiet so that the Vietcong can't find them. Frank continues to scream in pain and fear, and Paul shoots him in the back of the head to silence him. Luke guns down the Vietcong and rushes to Frank's side, finding him still alive. Frank is loaded into a helicopter and taken to an American base. Ben chases after Paul. Paul finds his way to a peaceful river village and steals a boat. The boat's owners try to stop them, so he massacres them. Ben sees this and tries to save a wounded child. Paul shoots both of them and drives the boat away. Ben is found by Buddhist monks and saved. He journeys back to Saigon and finds Luke who has been disfigured by hand grenade. Luke tells Ben that Frank is still alive, but that the bullet that remains in his head has changed him. Frank now works as a killer in order to support his heroin use, which is the only thing that stops the pain from his head wound by reducing him to a catatonic state. Luke takes Ben to see Frank, whose first response is to shoot at his old friends. Luke offers him heroin, which he takes. Ben takes the needle from him, which causes Frank to try to kill him. He gives the needle back and Frank falls catatonic. Ben tries to talk to him, but gets nothing but blank stares. Finally, Ben takes the gun and aims it at Frank's head. Frank grabs the gun and moves it to point at his heart. Ben shoots Frank to put him out of his misery. Ben travels back to Hong Kong, while Luke stays in Vietnam. In Hong Kong, Ben sees Jane for the first time in a long time. She has a baby named Frank, which Ben holds in his arms. Meanwhile, Paul has become a successful business man and has been named the successor to the CEO position. Ben enters the boardroom and confronts Paul. Paul is happy to see his old friend, but Ben is angry. Ben opens his bag and reveals Frank's skull, telling him what happened to Frank. Paul is indifferent and kicks Ben out. Later, Paul leaves the office in his car and is chased by Ben. They shoot at each other for a while, eventually making their way to the pier that they had raced down on bikes as kids. Both cars crash. Ben thinks Paul died in the crash, but Paul attacks him from behind, wounding him. Paul picks up Frank's skull and yells at it. He wrestles with Ben for a moment and shoves a gun in his hand, telling him to put Frank out of his misery. Ben shoots Frank's skull. Paul turns the gun on Ben, but Ben pulls another gun and shoots Paul first. Paul dies. Ben tosses the gun and limps away from the scene.
3783131	a better tomorrow 3	1989	145.0	;anita mui;tony leung ka-fai;chow yun-fat;leung siu hung	{"/m/07zrf": "vietnamese language", "/m/0459q4": "standard cantonese", "/m/0653m": "standard mandarin", "/m/02h40lc": "english language", "/m/012w70": "cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/01jfsb": "thriller", "/m/03q4nz": "world cinema", "/m/03btsm8": "action/adventure", "/m/082gq": "war film", "/m/02kdv5l": "action", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	In 1974, during the final days of the Vietnam War, Mark Lee  arrives in Saigon, intending to bring his uncle Ten  and cousin Cheung Chi-Mun  back to Hong Kong with him. Just after arriving at the airport, Mark is confined by corrupt security guards who strip and attempt to rob him, but he is saved by a mysterious woman named Kit , who seems to have some measure of influence. Mark and Mun later encounter Kit in a nightclub, where they discover the woman is a criminal and gun runner. Kit takes an interest in the cousins and invite them to accompany her on a deal with a local Vietnamese warlord. The deal goes bad, but the three escape. Kit is impressed with the way Mark and Mun handled themselves and decide to help them escape Vietnam, taking them under her wing in the meantime. Over the next few months, Kit begins training the cousins in various aspects of her business, as well as marksmanship. Mark and Mun both develop an attraction to her. Kit is attracted to Mark as well, and buys him a pair of Alain Delon sunglasses as a gift. However, despite his feelings, Mark does not reciprocate Kit's affections so as to avoid hurting Mun, who has come under the impression that Kit is in love with him. Meanwhile, the leader of the arms smuggling company , Ho Cheung-Ching, returns from hiding after a three year absence in which he was presumed dead. Jealous of Kit's relationship with Mark and Mun, he plots to kill the cousins. Kit manages to secure safe passage for Mark, Mun, and Uncle Ten back to Hong Kong. The three return and start a new business there. However, Ho Cheung-Ching sends a bomb to the business, which explodes and kills Uncle Ten. Afterwards, Ho and his men capture and beat Mark and Mun, warning them to stay away from Kit. Kit arrives to express her regret for Uncle Ten's death and to share her feelings with Mark, which this time he reciprocates. She also presents Mark with another gift: a black duster coat. Ho Cheung-Ching returns to Vietnam, taking Kit with him, to complete the deal with the Vietnamese warlord encountered earlier in the film. Mark and Mun follow Ho back to Saigon, intending to kill him in retaliation for his murder of Uncle Ten. Mark steps off the plane attired in his iconic outfit as seen in the first A Better Tomorrow: black duster, sunglasses, and matchstick in his mouth. Later, during reconnaissance on Ho Cheung-Ching by Mark and Mun, they engage in a shootout with Ho's men, where Mun is caught in an explosion. Mark confronts Kit in her hotel and despite her protests that she had nothing to do with Mun's death and is trying to protect them from Ho, Mark angrily says he wants nothing to do with her anymore. Ho Cheung-Ching and Kit head to their deal with the Vietnamese warlord. The warlord attempts to double-cross Ho but a mexican standoff ensues when Kit reveals the building is wired with explosives and her finger is on the detonator. Mark interrupts the stalemate by bursting in the room dual wielding two M-16 rifles, intending to take his revenge on Ho. A shootout ensues in which Kit is severely wounded and Ho is killed . Mun, who is revealed to have survived the explosion, arrives to help Mark make his getaway with the wounded Kit. The three are pursued by the warlord in a tank, but Mark manages to destroy the tank with explosives, killing the warlord. With Kit dying and in dire need of medical attention, Mark and Mun rush Kit to the embassy, where a mass evacuation is taking place due to the Fall of Saigon. Showing Kit's travel paperwork to the guards, the three are granted seats on the last chopper leaving the embassy, which lifts off just as the crowds rush in past the gate and the North Vietnamese flag is raised. Succumbing to her injuries, Kit dies in Mark's arms. Cradling Kit's lifeless body, Mark contemplates quietly as the chopper flies off into the sunset.
430419	days of being wild	1990	90.0	;andy lau;danilo antunes;hung mei-mei;maggie cheung;leslie cheung;rebecca pan;ling-hung ling;carina lau;tony leung chiu wai;jacky cheung hok-yau	{"/m/0653m": "standard mandarin", "/m/01jb8r": "filipino language", "/m/07c9s": "tamil language", "/m/012w70": "cantonese", "/m/02h40lc": "english language", "/m/07qv_": "tagalog language", "/m/02k30q": "shanghainese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/0hj3n0w": "ensemble film", "/m/03q4nz": "world cinema", "/m/07s9rl0": "drama", "/m/068d7h": "romantic drama", "/m/02l7c8": "romance film", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	null
5795244	the wicked city	1992-11-20	87.0	;yuen woo-ping;michelle reis;tatsuya nakadai;carmen lee;carmen lee;carmen lee;leon lai;roy cheung;jacky cheung hok-yau	{"/m/0653m": "standard mandarin", "/m/0459q4": "standard cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/06n90": "science fiction", "/m/02kdv5l": "action", "/m/03npn": "horror"}	 The story took place in Hong Kong in a conflict between worlds of Humans and "Rapters" before the handover. Special polices in the city are investigating on a mysterious drug named "Happiness". Taki, one of the polices, meets his old lover Windy, who is a rapter and now a mistress of a powerful old rapter named Daishu. Taki and other special polices track down and fight Daishu, but later find that he hoped to coexist with humans. The son of Daishu, Shudo, is the mastermind. In the end Shudo is defeated, but Daishu and Taki's friends die, too. Windy leaves alone.  The film begins with the sun setting in Tokyo. Unknown to most people, there is the demonic "Rapter World" in conflict with human world. Rapters shift their shapes and infiltrate human world. Taki  is a sales of a Hong Kong import/export company, but that is only his cover. He reveals his real occupation when he hunts down a seductive spider-like rapter in Tokyo. Taki belongs to the Anti-Rapter Special Police. One day he is transferred back to Hong Kong. The 1997 handover is near, Anti-Rapter Special Police Headquarter withdrew many agents from Hong Kong. This is a chaotic period when Hong Kong is vulnerable to rapters. That's why Taki is sent to Hong Kong to help. Also in the unit is Taki's buddy Ken Kai . Ken's father fall in love with a rapter, thus in the veins of Ken flows the black blood of rapter, which caused distrust on him every time. But he always hopes to prove his humanity. Besides Taki, Orchid  is the only one in the unit on his side. Once Taki is back in Hong Kong from Tokyo, the unit begins investigation on an addictive and harmful performance enhancing drug named "Happiness". The emotionless leader of the police unit Sergeant Kayama  suspects that Happiness is imported from the Rapter World by a tycoon named Daishu . He orders Taki and Ken to slip into Daishu's mysterious 150th birthday party. There Taki meets his former lover Windy , who is a rapter and now a mistress of Daishu. On the other hand Daishu and his raptor staffs are having a meeting, because they don't know who is importing Happiness the drug either. The staffs are nervous, but Daishu persuades them to control humans' economy in order to bargain with humans. The meeting is attacked by two rapter killers. All other staffs are killed. Daishu is injured and Windy is injected with Happiness, however they escape from killers and police. Sergeant Kayama suspects a traitor in the unit. He suspends Ken from duty and says he has a suspicious origin. Knowing rapters would access energy to recover, Sergeant Kayama pays attention to electricity consumption over districts and locates the rapters in a power plant. Taki enters the plant, lets Windy escape but catches Daishu. Windy seeks help from Daishu's son Shudo . Shudo orders her loyalty to him. Windy is sent to hurt Taki and later she too is caught by police. Daishu hopes to coexist with humans, since worlds of rapters and humans are together facing the energy crisis. Further more, he hopes to learn human emotions. His son Shudo is the mastermind who imports Happiness and attacks Daishu. Shudo also trades with Orchid, the real traitor in the police unit. Orchid doesn't care about either humans or rapters, she only wants to make money and leave the city to survive the energy crisis. With help of Windy, Taki and Ken find out the truth, but Windy falls into hands of Shudo. They rescue Daishu from the unit and join forces to fight Shudo and his two killers. On the other hand Sergeant Kayama's announcement to suspend Ken is a trap to lure out the real traitor. Orchid is caught by Sergeant Kayama after she sabotaged the police unit's facility. Sergeant Kayama kills Orchid in cold blood, and leads a team to go after Taki. Because of Orchid's sabotage, an artificial megnetic field that protects Hong Kong is turned off, and Shudo is now able to turn the time backward to an age when humans are easy to control. Taki and Ken collaborate with Daishu to stop Shudo. After night battles, Shudo's killers are eliminated by Daishu, but Ken under Shudo's influence turns into a rapter and then is injured by Sergeant Kayama's team. Windy is dying from the effect of Happiness. Daishu returns to his rapter form to battle Shudo. Daishu says it is because only a rapter can kill his own son. Shudo is happy for his father finally turns back to a rapter. Later they jump on an airplane and fight above Hong Kong. Daishu's power is weakened by age, but he dives into Shudo's shadow and defeats him with the power of his shadow. Shudo takes Ken as hostage, as he knows human emotion is his father's weakness. At the same time Ken regains human consciousness. He gives his blood to Windy so that Windy is able to overcome Happiness and rescue Taki from Shudo. In the end Shudo is killed. Sergeant Kayama's team put the airplane on the tip of Bank of China Tower. With remorse of failing to prove his humanity, Ken dies in arms of Sergeant Kayama. Weighting his duty and emotion, Taki hesitatingly frees Daishu and Windy from hands of police. Taki meets a sad Sergeant Kayama and says Kayama may have become too emotional to lead the unit. On a car, Daishu dies for depletion of energy, only Windy drives away from the city alone at dawn.
6156675	return engagement	1990-03-17	105.0	;alan tang;simon yam;andy lau	{"/m/0459q4": "standard cantonese", "/m/02h40lc": "english language", "/m/012w70": "cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/07s9rl0": "drama", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	Return Engagement tells the story of Lung , a Triad boss who is sent to prison in Canada. While he is in jail his daughter is taken to Hong Kong to keep her safe. On his release Lung travels to Hong Kong to find his daughter where he meets a young Triad  who knows of his reputation and respects him greatly.
6158928	the tigers	1991	109.0	;tony leung chiu wai;andy lau;felix wong;irene wan;eric tsang;leung kar yan;kent tong;michael miu	{"/m/012w70": "cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/01jfsb": "thriller", "/m/0lsxr": "crime fiction", "/m/03q4nz": "world cinema", "/m/03btsm8": "action/adventure", "/m/04t2t": "martial arts film", "/m/02wtdps": "crime thriller", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	The Tigers tells the stories of a team of five Hong Kong detectives. While busting a drug deal the brother-in-law of one of the detectives is found to be implicated and gives them a large amount of cash in exchange for their silence. But with the money comes hassle, as the organised crime syndicate want more and more in exchange for their money, leading to an action packed tale of police corruption.
6193473	a chinese ghost story iii	1991	106.0	;jacky cheung hok-yau;nina li chi;siu-ming lau;shun lau;tony leung chiu wai;joey wong	{"/m/0653m": "standard mandarin", "/m/012w70": "cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/03q4nz": "world cinema", "/m/03btsm8": "action/adventure", "/m/04t2t": "martial arts film", "/m/07s9rl0": "drama", "/m/068d7h": "romantic drama", "/m/02l7c8": "romance film", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	Two Buddhist monks, the master Bai Yun and his inept disciple Shi Fang are transporting a golden idol of Buddha. On their travels they meet the relatively honorable mercenary Yin. Beset by thieves and ne'er-do-wells in the villages, the monks opt to spend the night at the local temple, which is none other than the Orchid Temple of the first film. Over the next few nights, Shi Fang is visited by Lotus and the two become fond of each other. However, Butterfly becomes suspicious of her sister Lotus. Being rivals for the favor of the Tree Demon, Butterfly plots to capture the monk and expose her sister's betrayal. When the Tree Demon attempts to take Shi Fang, the master intervenes and uses a spell to transport his disciple to safety. In the ensuing battle with the Tree Demon, the master himself is captured. Shi Fang enlists Yin to help rescue his master, and feels he must also help Lotus by recovering her urn. Yin and the master do battle with the Tree Demon, destroying it. Though he disapproves of his disciple's relationship with the ghost, the master helps to save Lotus as well. However, after the Tree Demon's destruction the Black Mountain Demon takes up the pursuit of Shi Fang, Master Bai Yun and Lotus. He summons high pillars to block their escape route and darkens the sky so the sunlight cannot shine on earth. Master Bai Yun then casts a spell on Shi Fang and covers his body with holy gold liquid, then Lotus takes Shi Fang up to the sky above the dark clouds so that Shi Fang can use his golden body to reflect the sunlight to earth. In the end, the Black Mountain Demon is killed by sunlight, and the sky clears. Shi Fang thinks Lotus may have been killed by the sunlight, and starts looking for her. He finds Lotus hiding under a pile of rocks, safe from the sun, and Lotus tells Shi Fang that her spirit will follow him when he takes her urn of ashes away from that place.
7466292	the banquet	1991-11-30	90.0	;sylvia chang;sally yeh;tony leung chiu wai;maria cordero;philip chan;ti lung;sandra ng;joey wong;richard ng;lawrence ng;michelle reis;maggie cheung;ng man tat;carina lau;sammo hung;eric tsang;alan tam;stephen chow;jacky cheung hok-yau;michael hui;george lam;carol cheng;gong li;raymond wong bak-ming;tony leung ka-fai;rosamund kwan;simon yam;anthony chan yau	{"/m/012w70": "cantonese", "/m/0459q4": "standard cantonese"}	{"/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/07s9rl0": "drama", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	Developer Tsang Siu-Chi  and his agent  have bought two of a group of four properties. Rival developer, Boss Hung  has secured the other two properties. Both aim to buy all four so they can knock them down and build hotels. The agent learns that billionaire Kuwaiti Prince Allabarba  is due to arrive in Hong Kong and advises Tsang that they could dupe him in order to gain a billion dollar contract. The prince's father has recently died and the prince bitterly regrets that he wasn't a good son. The agent tells Tsang that he should make a show of the positive relationship he has with his father, to impress the prince. Unfortunately, Tsang has not seen his father  for 10 years. Along with his wife  and his sycophantic assistant , Tsang heads off to bring his father back. When they meet up, Tsang pretends to have cancer to convince his father to come home, along with his sister  and her husband . Tsang throws a banquet to impress the prince, pretending that it is also a birthday party for his father. However, it has all been a ploy by the agent, who has secretly been working for Boss Hung.
848685	cyclo	1995	129.0	;tony leung chiu wai;hoang phuc nguyen;trần nữ yên khê;ngo vu quang hal;le van loc;tuyet ngan nguyen	{"/m/07zrf": "vietnamese language"}	{"/m/0f8l9c": "france", "/m/01crd5": "vietnam", "/m/03h64": "hong kong"}	{"/m/0lsxr": "crime fiction", "/m/03q4nz": "world cinema", "/m/0hj3n01": "crime drama", "/m/07s9rl0": "drama", "/m/01j1n2": "coming of age", "/m/0gw5qqq": "chinese movies"}	A young cyclo rickshaw driver  pedals his cyclo through the crowded road of Ho Chi Minh City  in search for his next passenger. He inherited the cyclo from his late father, who died in a road accident while a truck hit him when he was driving the cyclo. His father did not want his son to take up his profession and desired him to live a better life than a cyclo driver. The cyclo driver's grandfather repairs tires despite his failing health, his younger sister shines shoes beside a restaurant along with other poor children and his older sister  delivers water to local grocery stores. Their poor but peaceful lives are jeopardized when the cyclo is stolen by a gang. The cyclo driver is beaten when he frantically chases after them. He pays a visit to his employer , a middle-aged woman, who dotes her mentally retarded adult son. Nowhere to go, he is forced to join the criminal dealing of her under the supervision of a brooding gang leader , who is also a poet. In his employers place the cyclo driver sees one of the men who stole his cyclo, but is thwarted by one of the accomplices of the poet. The poet detains him in a small room and he begins to get involved in organized crime starting small by destroying rice shipments, burning down a rival gang's cyclo garage, and trafficking drugs. Meanwhile, his older sister also comes under the influence of the poet and becomes a prostitute. They develop feelings for each other. She visits his house where he is beaten by his father, who is furious for the profession he has taken. The poet brings the cyclo driver to Mr. Lullaby, who kills a victim by slitting his throat while singing a lullaby. Ho Chi Minh City is hit by unrest as different gangs start fighting with each other. A helicopter inexplicably crashes on a busy city-street. The cyclo driver blinds one eye of the man who stole his cyclo, but manages to remain unseen by anyone. He pays another visit to his lady employer to pay a part of his debt, but she refuses and becomes busy with her retarded son who has covered himself with yellow paint. The poet assigns the cyclo driver the job of murdering a man. His two accomplices give him a gun and teach him how to kill their intended target. They also hand him a bottle of pills to reduce his anxiety, but warn him not to take too many. The poet and the cyclo driver's sister visit his childhood place. He leaves her in a nightclub with a client and she is abused by the man. Both the poet and the man realize their mistakes and the man tries to compensate by bribing the poet with a hefty sum of dollar. But the poet kills the man and then kills himself by setting fire to the room where he lives. Meanwhile, the retarded son of the lady is killed when he is hit by a truck. The cyclo driver takes two tablets of a drug, which he has received from the poet's accomplices. He becomes hallucinatory and fails to carry out the job of killing the man. Instead, he goes to the lady's apartment and covers himself with blue paint. The next morning, the lady sees him and is reminded of her deceased son. She releases him from the gang. The movie ends with the scene of the cyclo driver, still contemplating the memory of his father, driving his cyclo with his grandfather and his two sisters on it through a crowded road of Ho Chi Minh City.
